Add 2.6 to version history (#3100)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: version-history.md

OpenSearch version | Release highlights | Release date  
:--- | :--- | :--- 

> [2.6.0](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-build/blob/main/release-notes/opensearch-release-notes-2.6.0.md) | Includes simple schema for observability, index management UI enhancements, SigV4 authentication in Dashboards, Security analytics enhancements, sentence transformer models for model-serving framework, search backpressure at the coordinator node level, and adding maps to dashboards. Experimental features include a new ML model health dashboard. For a full list of release highlights, see the Release Notes. | 28 February 2023

Reviewer: Analytics in Security Analytics should be capitalized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[2.6.0](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-build/blob/main/release-notes/opensearch-release-notes-2.6.0.md) | Includes simple schema for observability, index management UI enhancements, Security Analytics enhancements, search backpressure at the coordinator node level, and the ability to add maps to dashboards. Experimental features include a new ML model health dashboard, new text embedding models in ML, and SigV4 authentication in Dashboards. For a full list of release highlights, see the Release Notes. | 28 February 2023
```

Reviewer 2: Change the fragment for ML to "...support for sentence transformer pretrained models in ML..."
